okay so are we gonna go right here are
we going to go down there this is about
the six year that we've growing
strawberries it's a family business my
husband's family's been here since my
early 1900s if I think it's gonna be
better down here it's been getting
better every year more and more people
are finding out about us because we were
like a little secret for a while come
very picking off in and put them in the
freezer oh yeah thanks it's real nice
it's just it's nice to see people happy
you eat while you pick sometimes if I
find really good ones like this one
everybody happy with strawberries on
their face and apparently chasing this
year excellent it's just it's a good
feeling yeah we try to promote family
and no good fun and you know it's just
nice way to live it's a great outing
it's a great activity gets us out in the
Sun gets us out of the house in the
fresh air in the fresh air it's
certainly less expensive to buy berries
this way and then we we wash them and
put them in the freezer and I'm gonna
get a tasty snack and we can have
berries all winter that's got the best
berries you okay I'm the best hey I'm
the most um what do I have the reddest
most beautiful hey every year I always
end up walking last in the line because
so many go into my bucket I sister says
I have a knack for balancing the berries
and getting more into one bucket than
anyone else i also have a knack for
dropping
you